fulda
around so much swell
zero will be for every taste with mine
in the heart of the punishment cell she would not be empty
post and rose high butane alps
spreading the whole load you sit on your face
girlfriend run for couples foot fetish beach
warm countries and large
smart girl knows who you are stupid
and many for the eyes of the students looks with
wrinkled hair the color of fire create
inexplicable confused me not ready
spend your money it doesn't let go
dollars rubles
euro nobody know who is your favorite
track
we 'll teach you how to dream
I will donate 8
I will warm you in my
our bed together for the universe
Let's take refuge there
I will count autumn
because you own the hands of our bed
together with the universe gave circling all
same interchangeable
i became a powerful brabus
you are beautiful as barbie fortune kisses not
lips
carries on the waves like sail instagrame
chic sang white teeth
while I wake up naive like
love do you have wings and tail on
feelings
you your brain skillfully read people skillfully
stepping toward the gloss
do not Katya live just because we suffocate
without growth our roads have different goals
where it is or motley and only heart
then wax
leave them emptiness there they are so afraid
now touch the fire
I'm ready to burn until I stay in
ash I can feel every leaf away
I was not I will donate I will warm
your own
let's make our bed fit the universe
we will hide
I will assume I will warm you in my 2
how our roomy shelters
let's spin all executed